PREVIOUSLY
ON "GREY'S ANATOMY"...
SO HEY,
YOU'RE AN INTERN... AGAIN.
YEAH.
I WON'T TELL ANYBODY.
(George)
IZZIE, MEET REALLY OLD GUY.
(groans)
THIS IS
THE BEST BREAKUP EVER.
I DON'T KNOW WHY WE DIDN'T
BREAK UP A LONG TIME AGO.
(Cristina) HE'S GONE.
YOU'RE MY SISTER,
YOU'RE MY FAMILY.
YOU'RE ALL I'VE GOT.
WE HAVE THE SAME DAD.
WE DON'T HAVE
THE SAME DAD, LEXIE.
I THINK MY HUSBAND'S HAVING
AN AFFAIR.
I'M GOING TO TELL HER.
(Meredith)
DOCTORS GIVE PATIENTS
A NUMBER OF THINGS.
WE GIVE THEM MEDICINE,
WE GIVE THEM ADVICE.
(elevator bell dings)
AND MOST OF THE TIME,
WE GIVE THEM
OUR UNDIVIDED ATTENTION.
I HEARD HE SAVED A GUY
WHO CODED YESTERDAY,
BY HIMSELF.
HE JUST KNOWS THINGS--
NEVER MESSES UP IN ROUNDS,
ALWAYS HAS THE ANSWER.
AND HE'S SO CALM.
I'M ALWAYS TERRIFIED,
BUT HE'S, LIKE, STEADY.
BEST INTERN EVER.
(whispers) HEY,
WHO ARE THEY TALKING ABOUT?
(whispers) GEORGE O'MALLEY.
SERIOUSLY?
DON'T THEY KNOW THAT HE--
SHH.
BUT BY FAR THE HARDEST THING
YOU CAN GIVE A PATIENT
IS THE TRUTH.
YOU KNOW O'MALLEY'S GOT
THESE MORONS SNOWED?
THEY DON'T EVEN KNOW
HE'S A REPEATER.
YEAH, WHATEVER.
(dings)
(Derek) HEY.
HEY.
***
HOW ARE YOU TODAY?
GOOD.
GREAT.
***
THE TRUTH IS HARD.
THE TRUTH... IS AWKWARD.
AND VERY OFTEN...
(dings)
THE TRUTH HURTS.
DAMN IT.
BYE.
***
SHE'S DOING McDREAMY.
SHE'S DOING McDREAMY
AND LYING ABOUT IT.
THAT'S GREAT.
SHE THINKS I'M WEAK,
THAT I'M FRAGILE.
LIKE I CAN'T HANDLE IT
'CAUSE OF BURKE.
POOR CRISTINA. ALL ALONE.
DAMN RIGHT. POOR CRISTINA.
***
GEORGE, WHAT HAPPENED?
I MEAN, PEOPLE SAY
THEY WANT THE TRUTH.
***
BUT DO THEY REALLY?
OH. (chuckles)
(laughs)
DO I HAVE SEX HAIR?
UH, IF I DID MY JOB RIGHT.
YOU GO AHEAD.
WHAT?
I'LL WAIT A MINUTE.
SO THIS ISN'T JUST BREAKUP SEX.
THIS IS SECRET BREAKUP SEX.
IS THIS ABOUT CRISTINA,
THIS MORNING IN THE ELEVATOR?
I DON'T KNOW. I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO DO, YOU KNOW?
WE DON'T TALK ABOUT IT,
THE WHOLE BURKE THING.
I MEAN, I WANT TO BE
A GOOD FRIEND.
I WANT TO TAKE CARE OF HER.
BUT YOU DON'T TAKE CARE
OF CRISTINA.
OKAY, SO BY BEING WITH ME
YOU'RE CHEATING ON CRISTINA?
JUST, IF SHE KNEW ABOUT
YOU AND ME--
YOU'D HAVE TO TALK ABOUT IT.
YOU'D HAVE TO TALK
ABOUT YOU AND ME,
AND IT'D BE
A LONG CONVERSATION,
AND THERE'D BE NO TIME
LEFT OVER TO TALK ABOUT HER.
I TOLD YOU,
WE DON'T TALK ABOUT IT.
MM-HMM.
PIERCE, YOU'RE IN THE PIT.
JAMES, NEED YOU IN PEDS.
LAURA, YOU'RE ON SCUT.
I WAS ON SCUT YESTERDAY.
OH, AND JUST FOR THAT,
YOU'RE ON SCUT TOMORROW.
GET LOST.
DR. KAREV,
THIS IS DR. NORMAL SHALES.
HEY.
OH, A STRONG HANDSHAKE.
THAT'S A GOOD SIGN.
NORMAN IS TRANSFERRING IN
FROM U.C.L.A.
I WANT HIM TO WORK WITH YOU.
OH, ARE YOU
THE NEW O.B.-G.Y.N. GUY?
(chuckles)
I DON'T HAVE A SPECIALTY YET.
NORMAN IS AN INTERN.
YOU'LL BE HIS RESIDENT.
HE'S MY INTERN?
DON'T WORRY, SON. THIS TUGBOAT'S
READY TO PULL HIS OWN WEIGHT.
AGE IS JUST A NUMBER,
RIGHT, NORMAN?
ABSOLUTELY.
PRETTY IMPORTANT NUMBER.
HEY.
YOU OKAY?
I DON'T KNOW.
I THINK IT'S ALL
JUST HITTING ME--
YOU KNOW,
STUPID BURKE DUMPING ME
AND THEN STUPID MAMA
COMING TO RECLAIM HER...
MAGIC NECKLACE.
DO YOU WANT TO TALK
ABOUT IT?
NO, NOT REALLY,
NOT... YET.
OKAY. WELL, IF THERE'S
ANYTHING I CAN DO--
YOU KNOW, I JUST WISH I HAD
A GOOD, BLOODY SURGERY.
YOU KNOW, BLOODY SURGERIES
MAKE ME FEEL BETTER.
ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR...
(sighs) FOLLOW ME.
OH, JOANNE, THIS IS WHY
YOU AND I NEED TO GET SICK,
THESE DOCTORS.
ONE'S MORE HANDSOME
THAN THE NEXT.
(Joanne laughs)
(woman) OH, AND HERE COMES
THE HANDSOMEST ONE OF THEM ALL.
HI, DR. WEBBER.
CONNIE.
HE TOOK MY APPENDIX OUT
THREE YEARS AGO.
BARELY LEFT A SCAR.
HOW'S ADELE?
UM, OH, SHE'S GOOD, GOOD.
UH, MARRIAGE IS HARD.
UH, BUT WE'RE DATING AGAIN.
UH, AND SHE AGREED
TO DATE ME TONIGHT.
(clears throat) BUT, UM...
MORE--MORE IMPORTANTLY,
HOW--HOW ARE YOU DOING?
OH, I JUST HAD A LITTLE BUMP
ON MY TONGUE REMOVED IS ALL.
COUPLE OF TASTE BUDS. TURNS OUT
IT WAS A LITTLE TOUCH OF CANCER.
SO I'M HERE TO HAVE
THE REST OUT.
I MEAN, YOU KNOW, THE CANCER,
NOT THE TASTE BUDS.
(women laugh)
I DON'T KNOW EXACTLY
HOW BAD IT IS
BECAUSE DR. SLOAN OVER THERE
HAS BEEN AWFULLY QUIET.
'CAUSE YOU DON'T LET HIM
GET A WORD IN EDGEWISE IS WHY.
(laughs)
UH, HOW IS SHE, DR. SLOAN?
WELL, WE JUST GOT BACK
THE PATHOLOGY REPORT.
CONNIE, UNFORTUNATELY,
THE CANCER IS A BIT MORE
WIDESPREAD THAN WE'D HOPED.
IT'S OVER 60% OF YOUR TONGUE.
WELL, WHAT--
WHAT DOES SHE DO, CHEMO?
I THINK THE, UH, BEST BET
IS A MICROVASCULAR FREE FLAP.
DR. GREY?
UH, HE'LL REMOVE THE CANCEROUS
PART OF THE TONGUE,
AND THEN RECONSTRUCT IT
WITH A STRIP OF FLESH
FROM YOUR LEGS.
GEORGE?
UH, THE EXTRA FLESH
WILL PROVIDE THE BULK
YOUR TONGUE NEEDS TO BREATHE
PROPERLY, CHEW, SWALLOW.
AND TALK?
(Connie) DR. SLOAN...
I'LL BE ABLE
TO TALK, WON'T I?
YOU WILL BE ABLE
TO TALK, CONNIE.
I JUST DON'T KNOW HOW WELL
YOU'LL BE UNDERSTOOD.
YOU'LL BE OKAY.
IT'LL BE OKAY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
IN MY CLINIC, KAREV?
I THOUGHT YOU DIDN'T WORK
IN THE CLINIC ANYMORE.
OH, I DON'T,
BUT I THOUGHT I COULD GET
MY NEW INTERN NORMAN HERE
SETTLED IN WITH YOU.
BAILEY'S THE BEST.
YOU'LL REALLY LEARN FROM HER.
OH, PLEASED TO MEET YOU.
YOU WANT TO LEAVE
NORMAN WITH ME
WHILE YOU TROLL
FOR SURGERIES.
(chuckles)
(lowers voice)
THE DUDE'S GOT A BUM HIP,
AND HE SMELLS LIKE
ARTHRITIS CREAM.
HE CAN'T KEEP UP.
COME ON.
DO ME A FAVOR,
AND I'LL DO YOU A FAVOR.
I'M CALLING IN MY FAVOR NOW.
CURTAIN FIVE.
YOU CAN TAKE YOUR INTERN
AND SHOW HIM HOW WE DO AN H&P.
NICE TO MEET YOU, NORMAN.
THANK YOU.
HUNTER, UH, I'M DR. KAREV.
THIS IS DR. SHALES.
WHAT'S, UH, WHAT'S GOING ON?
MY SON IS ON DRUGS.
I'M NOT ON DRUGS, MOM.
I WASN'T BORN YESTERDAY.
I KNOW THE SIGNS.
HE'S LETHARGIC, IRRITABLE,
AND THE LAST TWO MONTHS,
HIS SCHOOLWORK'S
GONE DOWN THE DRAIN.
I'M NOT ON DRUGS.
OKAY, THERE--THERE ARE
A HOST OF REASONS
WHY YOUR SON COULD BE
EXHIBITING THOSE SYMPTOMS.
UM, I THINK WE SHOULD RUN SOME
TESTS, SEE IF THERE'S ANY--
BUT FIRST A DRUG TEST,
DR. SHALES.
I'M RIGHT
TO WANT A DRUG TEST.
YEAH, I-I JUST SAID THAT--
MRS. CHAPMAN,
YOU ARE NOT WRONG.
MY MARY BETH, GOD REST HER SOUL,
WAS JUST LIKE YOU.
WHEN ONE OF OUR KIDS
STARTED HEADING DOWN
THAT SLIPPERY SLOPE,
SHE JUST KNEW IT.
YOU HAVE A MOTHER'S INSTINCT.
RIGHT, DR. KAREV?
YEAH, RIGHT.
(sighs) OKAY.
WHAT HAPPENED?
(scoffs)
GEORGE,
IT'S REALLY OLD GUY.
WE COULD BRING
A MARCHING BAND IN HERE,
AND HE WOULDN'T KNOW
THE DIFFERENCE.
WHAT HAPPENED WITH CALLIE?
WHAT HAPPENED? I--
I THOUGHT YOU WERE GONNA
TELL HER LAST NIGHT.
I TRIED,
BUT SHE WOULD NOT LET ME.
SHE--SHE WOULDN'T LET ME.
I WANTED TO KILL HER,
BUT THEN I COULDN'T KILL HER
BECAUSE SHE DID HELP ME
THROUGH A LOT OF STUFF.
AND IT WAS A LOT OF STUFF
AND, YOU KNOW,
SHE DID HELP ME THROUGH IT.
BUT THEN I WANTED
TO KILL HER AGAIN,
BECAUSE WHO MARRIES SOMEONE
WHO JUST BURIED THEIR FATHER?
AND THEN I WENT TO BED.
SO WHAT DOES THIS MEAN?
WHAT DO YOU GUYS WANT?
I TOLD YOU I NEEDED
A MINUTE BEFORE ROUNDS.
WE HEARD
YOU SAVED A GUY YESTERDAY.
(George) WHAT?
ROUNDS.
EXCUSE ME.
(Izzie) WE'LL START IN HERE.
GRACIELLA, WHAT CAN YOU TELL US
ABOUT REALLY OLD GUY?
HE HAS A NAME.
I KNOW HE HAS A NAME. WE CALL
HIM REALLY OLD GUY. CATCH UP.
82-YEAR-OLD,
SEMICOMATOSE MALE,
UH, CAME IN A YEAR AGO,
STATUS POST FALL
AND IS POST-OP DAY 352 FROM--
WHICH BASICALLY MEANS THAT
HE HASN'T WOKEN UP FOR A YEAR.
SO WHAT'S THE TREATMENT PLAN?
UM...
IT'S REALLY VERY SIMPLE.
DAILY LABS AND DIALYSIS
THREE TIMES A WEEK.
DON'T BOTHER
WITH ANY MORE DIALYSIS.
I PLAN TO DIE TODAY,
SO IT WON'T BE NECESSARY.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
AND WHILE I THINK
REALLY OLD GUY IS CHARMING,
IN A "NEGLECTED PATIENT"
KIND OF WAY,
MY NAME IS CHARLIE.
CHARLIE YOST.
HEY, I JUST HEARD.
WELCOME BACK.
IS IT TRUE?
REALLY OLD GUY WOKE UP?
HE HAS A NAME.
THIS TIME TOMORROW, YOU CAN
CALL ME REALLY DEAD GUY.
GUYS, I DON'T THINK
MR. YOST KNOWS WHO YOU ARE.
SURE I DO. THAT'S MEREDITH.
SHE AND THE BRAIN DOCTOR
ARE ALWAYS RUNNING HOT AND COLD.
AND YOU'RE, UH, ALEX.
YOU STILL GOT A THING FOR
THAT OLD PATIENT OF YOURS?
I WAS SEMICOMATOSE, BLONDIE.
I COULD STILL HEAR YOU GUYS.
GET A C.T., A C.B.C.
AND CHEMISTRIES.
YOUR KIDNEYS MAY BE
WORKING AGAIN,
WHICH MAY BE
WHY YOU WOKE UP.
THAT'S GOOD NEWS.
OH, IT JUST MEANS NOW I GOT
TWO THINGS TO DO TODAY,
TAKE A PEE AND DIE.
NOBODY'S DYING. AHH.
FUNCTIONAL MUSCLE TRANSFER.
WHAT?
FOR CONNIE WILLIAMS.
I WAS READING UP
ON GLOSSECTOMIES
AND SAW THE PROCEDURE.
WE COULD MICROSURGICALLY
REINNERVATE
HER HYPOGLOSSAL NERVE.
A NERVE GRAFT?
IT'S TOO RISKY.
A FREE FLAP'S
STILL YOUR BEST BET.
OH, EVEN IF THAT GOES WELL,
YOU AND I BOTH KNOW
SHE'LL NEVER SPEAK THE SAME.
THAT WOMAN LOVES TO TALK
MORE THAN ANYONE I KNOW.
WHAT'S A FUNCTIONAL
MUSCLE TRANSFER?
YOU WON'T FIND IT
IN THE BOOKS, O'MALLEY.
IT'S CUTTING-EDGE. YOU CONNECT
THE NERVES FROM THE LEG
WITH THE NERVES
FROM THE TONGUE.
GIVES HER A SHOT
AT REALLY SPEAKING.
IF IT WORKS.
THEY'VE ONLY DONE
A HALF A DOZEN OF THEM.
BETTER THAN NONE.
SOMETIMES YOU GOTTA PUSH
THE ENVELOPE, SLOAN.
WHY?
WHY IS IT BETTER TO DO A SURGERY
THAT NEITHER OF YOU HAVE DONE
THAN TO DO A SURGERY
THAT YOU KNOW AT LEAST GIVES HER
A CHANCE
TO HAVE A NORMAL LIFE?
DO YOU KNOW HOW TO DO
THIS PROCEDURE?
ARE YOU SAYING THAT WE'RE TOO
OLD TO LEARN NEW WAYS, O'MALLEY?
NO.
ARE YOU SAYING WE'RE OLD DOGS
WHO CAN'T LEARN NEW TRICKS?
NO, I JUST--
WE'RE NOT OLD DOGS.
WE STILL GOT IT.
OKAY.
I DID DO
A FUNCTIONAL MUSCLE TRANSFER
TO RESTORE
ELBOW FUNCTION ONCE.
ELBOW, TONGUE--
THAT'S PRETTY CLOSE.
COME ON. WHAT DO YOU SAY?
LET'S LIGHT THIS CANDLE.
YES, SIR.
AGE IS JUST A NUMBER,
O'MALLEY.
OH, YES, SIR.
(elevator bell dings)
I GOT KAREV DOWN
IN THE CLINIC ALL DAY.
HOPE THAT'S NOT A PROBLEM.
NOPE. (sighs)
I KNOW HOW YOU LIKE
TO BE TOLD THESE THINGS,
SO I'M TELLING YOU.
THANK YOU.
OH, HE TRIED TO DUMP
A NEW INTERN ON ME--KAREV.
CLEARLY HE'S NOT INTERESTED
IN TEACHING.
THANK YOU
FOR LETTING ME KNOW.
DO YOU EVER FEEL OLD?
I'M YOUNG. I'M A FETUS.
NAH, I MEAN YOU EVER FEEL
LIKE THERE'S GONNA BE A TIME
WHEN NEW TECHNIQUES
PASS YOU BY?
I'M A GENIUS
AND A SCHOLAR.
SHUT UP.
MM-HMM.
MEREDITH ISN'T TELLING
CRISTINA ABOUT US.
AND, WELL,
SHE TELLS CRISTINA
EVERYTHING.
I THOUGHT YOU BROKE THAT OFF.
I MEANT TO.
YOU THINK SHE'S GONNA WANT
TO GET BACK TOGETHER.
NO.
YOU THINK SHE'S GONNA
GROW UP AND GET ALL WHOLE
AND... WANT A RELATIONSHIP.
I DO NOT.
YOU'RE A BAD LIAR.
YOU'RE OLD.
I'M JUST GETTIN' STARTED,
MY FRIEND.
(sighs deeply)
HEY.
YOU FEELING ANY BETTER?
I HEARD YOU'RE ON THAT
HEMIGLOSSECTOMY.
THE TONGUE SURGERY? YEAH.
OH, HERE I AM STUCK IN THE PIT
WITH THOSE KNOW-NOTHING INTERNS.
YOU'D THINK EVENTUALLY
I'D CATCH A BREAK.
CRISTINA...
ARE WE EVER GONNA TALK
ABOUT THIS, THE BURKE THING?
I'M NOT IZZIE.
I'M NOT GONNA LIE
ON THE BATHROOM FLOOR ALL DAY.
I'M GONNA LIE HERE
ON THE COUNTER.
I'LL TRADE YOU
THE HEMIGLOSSECTOMY.
WHAT?
YOU TAKE THE HEMIGLOSSECTOMY,
AND I WILL TAKE THE E.R.
AND YOUR INTERNS.
ARE YOU SURE?
TAKE THE SURGERY
IF IT MAKES YOU FEEL BETTER.
YOU'RE STARTING
TO FREAK ME OUT.
OH.
(chuckles)
I SAW THE WHOLE THING, YANG.
YOU CAN STOP PRETENDING.
OH, I'M NOT PRETENDING.
I'M SAD. I'M VERY SAD.
(childish voice)
ME SO SAD.
MAYBE I SHOULD TRY IT,
SEE IF I CAN GET GREY
TO TAKE MY NEW INTERN.
(normal voice) NO.
HEY, FORGET IT. SAD IS MINE.
GO FIND
YOUR OWN PRETEND EMOTION.
BLONDIE!
HEY, BLONDIE.
CHARLIE...
I HAVE A MILLION CHARTS
TO UPDATE.
I'M BUSY.
I WANT LOBSTER.
WHAT?
FOR MY LAST MEAL.
IT'S TRADITIONAL.
THE DYING MAN GETS TO CHOOSE
WHAT HE WANTS TO EAT.
I WANT LOBSTER.
I'M NOT GETTING YOU LOBSTER
BECAUSE YOU'RE NOT DYING.
I WON'T ALLOW IT.
A MAN CAN ONLY HANG ON
FOR SO LONG, BLONDIE.
AFTER A WHILE,
IT'S JUST NOT WORTH IT.
(panting)
(sighs) DON'T YOU HAVE
ANY FRIENDS, FAMILY, ANYONE?
THEY'RE ALL DEAD
OR ON THEIR WAY TO DEAD.
YOU'LL UNDERSTAND SOMEDAY
WHEN YOU'RE OLDER,
LESS NAIVE.
I'M NOT NAIVE.
YOU AND WHAT'S HIS FACE,
THAT'S NOT NAIVE?
(scoffs) I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE--
WE'RE NOT--HE'S NOT--YOU KNOW
ABOUT WHAT'S HIS FACE?
I KNOW YOU'RE CRAZY IF YOU
THINK HE'S LEAVING HIS WIFE.
GUYS ALWAYS SAY THAT.
WELL, NOT THAT IT'S
ANY OF YOUR BUSINESS,
BUT THIS IS
COMPLETELY DIFFERENT.
I'M SURE IT'S TRUE LOVE.
I'M SURE HE'S TOLD HIS WIFE.
I'M SURE HE'S MOVED OUT.
AND I'M SURE
ALL YOUR FRIENDS KNOW, RIGHT?
YEAH.
BY THE WAY,
I WANT REAL LOBSTER,
NOT THAT FAKE WHITEFISH CRAP.
HEY, I'M FILLING IN
FOR CRISTINA.
SO HOW'S IT GOING?
I PULLED A SPLINTER
OUT OF A GUY'S TOE,
AND NOW I'M WRITING
ABOUT IT.
OKAY. WELL, IF YOU HAVE
ANY QUESTIONS--
I HAVE A LOT OF QUESTIONS,
JUST NOT ABOUT A SPLINTER.
OKAY.
40-YEAR-OLD UNRESTRAINED DRIVER
IN A ROLLOVER M.V.C.
(Meredith) TRAUMA ONE.
LOST VITALS ON THE SCENE,
AND WE WERE UNABLE TO INTUBATE.
LEXIE, LET'S GO.
OPEN THE INTUBATION TRAY.
HOW LONG'S HE BEEN DOWN?
TOOK TEN MINUTES TO LOAD HIM,
14 TO GET HERE, SO 24.
PUSH ANOTHER EPI.
YOU KNOW HOW TO INTUBATE?
UH, I'VE NEVER DONE IT.
BUT YOU'VE SEEN IT DONE?
YEAH, A COUPLE OF TIMES.
OKAY, COME DO ONE NOW.
ARE YOU SURE?
VISUALIZE THE CORDS,
PULL STRAIGHT UP,
WATCH THE TUBE
GO THROUGH THE CORDS.
I-I-I CAN'T SEE THE CORDS.
YOU SHOULD DO THIS.
OKAY, YOU CAN DO IT.
JUST DON'T ROCK UP
AGAINST THE TEETH.
JUST PULL STRAIGHT UP.
(woman) PULSE OX
IS DOWN TO 86.
(monitor beeping erratically)
IT WASN'T BAD.
WHAT?
THAT WASN'T BAD
FOR YOUR FIRST INTUBATION.
IS THAT SOME KIND OF JOKE?
THE GUY IS DEAD.
HE DIED.
HE WAS DEAD
WHEN HE CAME IN HERE.
HE WAS DEAD ON THE SCENE.
HE WAS DEAD FOR 15 MINUTES
IN THE AMBULANCE.
HE WAS DEAD BEFORE
I ASKED YOU TO INTUBATE.
YOU'RE PRETTY CAVALIER,
DON'T YOU THINK?
I MEAN, THEY BROUGHT HIM HERE
FOR HELP.
THEY BROUGHT HIM HERE BECAUSE
THEY'RE LEGALLY REQUIRED TO.
AND I HAD YOU INTUBATE BECAUSE
I'M REQUIRED TO TEACH YOU,
AND THAT IS HOW YOU LEARN.
NO. NO, YOU SHOULD HAVE DONE
EVERYTHING THAT YOU COULD.
THAT WAS EVERYTHING I COULD.
WELL, WHAT KIND OF DOCTOR
ARE YOU?
WHAT IS THIS ABOUT?
IF YOU DON'T WANT TO LEARN
FROM ME, THAT'S FINE.
BUT I HAVE TO
COVER THE PIT TODAY.
SO WHY DON'T YOU DO BOTH OF US
A FAVOR AND GO HELP BAILEY
IN THE CLINIC?
FINE.
PRETEND I'M NOT HERE.
PRETEND I'M NOT BUSTING IN
ON YOU AND PICTURES OF...
REALLY DISTURBING TONGUES.
BUT REALLY OLD GUY
IS GIVING ME A HARD TIME.
I LIKED HIM SO MUCH BETTER WHEN
HE WAS SLEEPING, WHICH HE'S NOT.
HE'S AWAKE.
YOU'VE PROBABLY ALREADY HEARD.
MM-HMM.
BUT MY POINT IS,
IS THAT HE'S STUBBORN.
HE'S STUBBORN AND REALLY OLD,
AND HE'S TELLING ME I'M AN IDIOT
FOR THINKING
YOU'RE GONNA LEAVE CALLIE.
(scoffs) SERIOUSLY?
WE'RE IN THIS TOGETHER.
YOU'RE GONNA
TELL HER TONIGHT, RIGHT?
GEORGE?
I-I-I HAVE TO GET
THIS RESEARCH DONE.
YOU'RE NOT GONNA TELL HER.
(slams book)
WASN'T IT JUST YESTERDAY
WHEN YOU SAID THAT
YOU DIDN'T WANT ME TO TELL HER?
FINE! FORGET IT.
JUST PLAY WITH YOUR
STUPID PICTURES OF TONGUES.
WE GOT THE TOX SCREEN BACK,
MRS. CHAPMAN.
YOUR SON'S NOT ON DRUGS.
YOU'RE SURE?
THERE'S NO DRUGS IN HIS SYSTEM?
NO, CAME BACK CLEAN.
YOUR SON IS FINE.
THIS IS NOT MY SON,
DR. SHALES.
IT'S... NOT.
MAYBE WE SHOULD ORDER
SOME MORE TESTS.
YOU KNOW, HE'S A TEENAGER.
I'VE RAISED FOUR OF 'EM MYSELF.
TEENAGERS DON'T LIKE
TO DO THEIR HOMEWORK,
THEY TALK BACK
TO THEIR PARENTS,
AND THEY NEVER
COME OUT OF THEIR ROOMS.
YOU HAVE APPLE HAIR.
I THREW A PANCAKE
IN THE RIVER,
A-A PANCAKE!
(Mrs. Chapman) HUNTER...
DO YOU KNOW
WHAT YOU JUST SAID?
I'M--I'M NOT SURE.
DID YOU MEAN TO SAY IT?
NO, I-I WAS TRYING TO SAY
THAT I WANTED TO GO HOME.
OH, MY GOD.
YEAH, WE NEED TO DO
A FULL NEURO EXAM.
ORDER A HEAD C.T.
AND LABS, NOW.
(exhales)
IT'S GONNA BE OKAY,
YOU KNOW?
IT IS.
IT'S GONNA BE OKAY.
DO YOU THINK SO?
DR. SLOAN'S GONNA DO
THIS FANCY NEW SURGERY.
MAYBE YOU'LL MAKE IT
INTO THE MEDICAL JOURNALS.
MAYBE BE FAMOUS.
(women laugh)
WHAT IF THE SURGERY
DOESN'T WORK?
(women) OH.
WHAT IF THIS IS MY LAST CHANCE
TO TALK? (sniffles)
I STILL HAVE SO MUCH TO SAY.
SAY IT NOW, CONNIE.
DON'T BE SO MORBID.
THE SURGERY WILL WORK.
YOU'LL BE FINE.
(whispers) SHE SHOULD SAY IT
ALL NOW, JO, JUST IN CASE.
OH.
SHE SHOULDN'T HAVE
ANY MORE REGRETS.
(normal voice) YOU CAN
TELL US ANYTHING, CONNIE.
WE'RE YOUR BEST FRIENDS.
YOU SHOULD TELL THEM.
I'M SORRY.
I DON'T MEAN TO PRY.
BUT IF YOU HAVE SOMETHING YOU
WANT TO SAY, YOU SHOULD SAY IT.
I'VE BEEN HERE A WHILE.
I'VE BEEN HERE LONG ENOUGH
TO KNOW THAT THINGS
DON'T ALWAYS GO
THE WAY THAT YOU WANT THEM TO,
AND IF THERE'S SOMETHING YOU
WANT TO SAY, YOU SHOULD SAY IT.
JOANNE, YOU'VE GOTTA STOP
WEARING THOSE PANTS.
WHAT?
THOSE PANTS MAKE YOUR ASS
LOOK LIKE TWO PUPPIES
ARE STRUGGLING TO GET OUT.
AS A MATTER OF FACT,
ALL OF YOUR PANTS
ARE TOO TIGHT.
YOU HAVE TO BUY SOME NEW PANTS.
AND, ELAINE,
YOUR BREATH IS GOD-AWFUL.
MY BREATH?
I MEAN, YOU NEED TO SEE
A DOCTOR OR SOMETHING
BECAUSE I KNOW YOU HAVE
GOOD HYGIENE,
BUT SWEET GOD,
YOUR BREATH IS BAD.
AND YOU'VE GOT TO GET
A NEW HAIRDO.
THE '80s ARE OVER, HONEY.
WHAT NOW?
HE KEEPS PULLING OFF
HIS MONITOR LEADS.
I TOLD HIM HE CAN
PULL 'EM OFF ALL DAY,
HE'S STILL NOT GONNA DIE.
I'M SICK AND TIRED
OF WAITING.
YEAH? WELL, I'M SICK AND TIRED
OF COMING TO YOUR ROOM
EVERY FIVE MINUTES.
SORRY, BLONDIE.
IT'S TIME I TOOK THINGS
INTO MY OWN HANDS.
OH, YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU WANT TO DIE? FINE.
HERE. LET ME HELP YOU.
YOU MISSED THIS ONE.
DAMN. YOU'RE STILL WITH US.
OH, WAIT.
THIS LOOKS PROMISING.
A NICE, THICK WIRE.
HOW'S THAT? ANY LUCK? NO?
OH. WELL, NO WONDER. THAT'S WHY.
IT'S ATTACHED TO THIS LAMP.
(laughs) OKAY. WELL,
LET'S SEE WHAT ELSE WE GOT.
(choking)
DR. STEVENS.
WHAT?
DR. STEVENS,
HE'S NOT BREATHING.
WHAT?
HE DOESN'T HAVE A PULSE.
HE'S IN CARDIAC ARREST.
OH, GOD. I SWEAR TO GOD,
I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING.
(alarm wailing)
(man) CODE BLUE, FOURTH FLOOR.
CODE BLUE, FOURTH FLOOR.
ARE THE EPI
AND ATROPINE IN?
(man) EPI'S IN.
I'M PUSHING ATROPINE NOW.
HOLD C.P.R.
LET'S SEE WHAT HAPPENS.
LOOKS LIKE V-FIB.
CHARGE THE PADDLES, 300.
(buzzing)
CLEAR.
(Tyler) NO CHANGE.
CHARGE AGAIN. CLEAR.
I'VE GOT A PULSE.
(monitor beeping rhythmically)
CHARLIE?
(gasps)
STOP SAVING MY LIFE.
(Connie) I CAN'T BELIEVE
I SAID ALL THAT.
DO YOU BELIEVE
I SAID ALL THAT?
NOT REALLY, NO.
YOU THINK I HURT
THEIR FEELINGS?
I MEAN,
REAL BAD HURT THEIR FEELINGS?
YOU THINK THEY'LL FORGIVE ME?
YOU TOLD ME.
YOU TOLD ME TO TELL THEM.
YOU TOLD ME TO SAY EVERYTHING.
YOU SAID IT WOULD BE OKAY.
I'M REALLY SORRY.
DR. BAILEY,
DR. GREY SENT ME DOWN HERE
TO WORK WITH YOU.
OH, SHE DID, DID SHE?
AND WHY IS THAT?
TRUTHFULLY? UH, SHE DIDN'T
WANT TO WORK WITH ME ANYMORE.
SHE KICKED ME OUT.
YOU CAN GO AND TELL DR. GREY
THAT THE CLINIC IS NOT
A DUMPING GROUND FOR STRAYS.
WE ARE NOT THE ISLAND
OF BROKEN INTERNS.
PLEASE GO TELL HER THAT.
PLEASE DON'T MAKE ME
DO THAT.
I-I CAN'T WORK WITH HER,
WITH MEREDITH GREY.
I-I-I CAN'T WORK WITH HER
BECAUSE I CAN'T LOOK AT HER.
'CAUSE SHE HATES ME,
SHE HATES MY DAD,
SHE OBVIOUSLY HATED MY MOTHER,
AND I AM...
PLEASE JUST--JUST LET ME
WORK DOWN HERE TODAY.
PLEASE, DR. BAILEY.
KID IN CURTAIN THREE
NEEDS STITCHES. GO.
OKAY, WHAT DO YOU GOT,
KAREV?
A TEENAGER CAME IN...
HI.
THE CLINIC THIS MORNING,
HE WAS LETHARGIC, IRRITABLE,
DYSPHASIC.
RIGHT.
I'M SORRY. I DON'T KNOW YOU.
UH, NORMAN SHALES,
UP FROM U.C.L.A.
ARE YOU NEURO? I THOUGHT I KNEW
ALL THE NEURO GUYS DOWN THERE.
NORMAN'S AN INTERN,
DR. SHEPHERD.
OH.
MY INTERN.
WELCOME TO THE PROGRAM.
THANK YOU.
GOOD.
OKAY, WHAT DO WE GOT?
OH, LOOK AT THIS.
KID'S GOT HYDROCEPHALUS.
IT'S PUSHING UP AGAINST
HIS BROCA'S AREA.
YEAH, WHICH EXPLAINS
THE SCREWED UP SPEECH.
MM-HMM.
I WAS SURE IT WAS DRUGS.
WELL, THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN YOU'RE--
YOU'RE A PHARMACIST
FOR 30 YEARS.
YOU'RE SURE THAT EVERYBODY'S
HOOKED ON PILLS OR REEFER.
RIGHT.
I WON'T MAKE THAT MISTAKE AGAIN.
NO, SIRREE.
RIGHT. OKAY.
UM, WE NEED TO PUT IN
A SHUNT.
YEAH, SCHEDULE AN O.R.,
THEN WE'LL GO TALK
TO HUNTER AND HIS MOM.
WILL DO, CAPTAIN.
GUY DOESN'T KNOW
WHEN TO SHUT UP.
HE DOES IT
WITH THE PATIENTS, TOO.
WELL, YOU'RE HIS RESIDENT.
I KNOW, I KNOW, BUT IT'D BE
LIKE YELLING AT MY GRANDFATHER.
OH.
HEY.
I HEARD ABOUT
REALLY OLD GUY.
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
COULDN'T FIND
HIS LVAD WIRE?
IT WAS A COINCIDENCE,
AND HE'S STILL ALIVE.
WELL, HAVE FUN
WITH REALLY OLD GUY.
I'M OFF TO DO MEREDITH'S...
HEMIGLOSSECTOMY.
(laughs)
OH, HEY. HEY, HAS GEORGE
SAID ANYTHING TO YOU--
SHE'S FAKING.
SHE'S FAKING SADNESS,
PRETENDING TO BE SAD
TO STEAL MY SURGERIES.
OKAY, I HAVE A REALLY OLD GUY
TRYING TO KILL HIMSELF
AND PROBLEMS OF MY OWN.
SO I DON'T HAVE TIME
FOR THE TWO OF YOU
AND YOUR FAKE DRAMA.
A PERSON WANTS TO DIE,
YOU LET THEM.
IT'S POLITE.
NOT IN A HOSPITAL, IT'S NOT.
IN A HOSPITAL, IT'S A LAWSUIT.
I DON'T LIKE YOU.
REALLY? 'CAUSE I THOUGHT
WE WERE B.F.F.s.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
JUST FOR THAT,
I'M DYING RIGHT NOW.
(groans)
(grunts)
THAT MIGHT MAKE YOU POOP
YOUR PANTS,
BUT IT'S NOT
GONNA MAKE YOU DIE.
(grunts) OH, DAMN IT.
(sighs)
YOU REALLY THINK HE'S NOT
GONNA LEAVE HIS WIFE?
I THINK IF A PERSON
WANTS TO DO SOMETHING,
LIKE DIE,
THEY DO IT.
OH.
MAYBE I'M WRONG.
MAYBE THERE'S HOPE.
MAYBE HE'LL TELL HER,
AND YOU TWO WILL GET TOGETHER
AND END UP HAPPY.
YOU THINK?
NOT THAT I'LL BE ALIVE
TO SEE IT.
YOU'RE NOT DYING, CHARLIE.
NOT ON MY WATCH.
DEAD MAN WALKING.
I DON'T SEE MUCH WALKING,
CHARLIE.
(elevator bell dings)
UH, YOU KNOW YANG AND GREY
ARE PLAYING MUSICAL CHAIRS
WITH THEIR INTERNS?
OH?
I MEAN, I JUST THOUGHT
THAT MIGHT INTEREST YOU,
SEEING AS HOW
ONE OF YANG'S INTERNS
IS ACTUALLY
ONE OF GREY'S RELATIVES...
AND THE TWO GREYS ARE HAVING
SOME KIND OF FAMILY FEUD.
I'M JUST SAYING,
IT WOULD PROBABLY BE BEST
IF THE RESIDENTS
STUCK WITH THEIR OWN INTERNS
IN THE FUTURE.
YEAH. I GOT IT. THANKS.
YOU PLAN TO HIDE OUT
IN HERE ALL DAY LONG,
OR YOU PLAN TO EMERGE
AT SOME POINT AND DO YOUR JOB?
WHY WOULD I COME OUT THERE
TO DO MY JOB
WHEN YOU CLEARLY DO IT
SO MUCH BETTER?
I'M DOING PAPERWORK, MIRANDA,
BECAUSE I DON'T HAVE
ANY MORE FIGHT IN ME.
I-I DON'T WANT TO FIGHT YOU.
I DON'T FIGHT MY...
I-I DON'T--I DON'T WANT
TO FIGHT TODAY.
SO... I'M DOING PAPERWORK.
OKAY?
(door closes)
(Mark) THE GRAFT'S
A PERFECT FIT.
YEAH. IT'S GOT
GOOD VASCULARIZATION.
AND AT THIS RATE,
YOU MAY ACTUALLY GET TO GO
ON THAT DATE WITH ADELE.
YEAH, I BETTER.
CAN'T VERY WELL
HAVE HER TAKE ME BACK
IF I CANCEL OUR FIRST DATE.
WHERE YOU TAKING HER, CHIEF?
OH, THERE'S A NICE LITTLE
CHINESE RESTAURANT
WE LIKE TO GO TO.
HMM.
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?
UM...
DR. SLOAN, I DON'T--
I KNOW.
IS EVERYTHING OKAY?
UM...
(clears throat)
WE'RE NOT SURE.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
IT MEANS WE'VE NEVER
DONE THIS BEFORE.
WHAT ABOUT IF WE COAPT
THE LINGUAL NERVE
UNDERNEATH HERE?
NO, WE'D END UP LOSING
THE VASCULAR SUPPLY.
THE GRAFT
MIGHT NOT WORK AT ALL.
SHE LIKES TO TALK, SLOAN.
SHE LIKES TO TALK A LOT.
WE NEED AN EXTRA SET
OF HANDS.
SOMEONE WHO KNOWS NERVES.
O'MALLEY, GET DR. SHEPHERD.
YES, SIR.
A FUNCTIONAL MUSCLE TRANSFER
OF THE TONGUE?
IT WAS LOOKING GOOD
FOR A WHILE, BUT, UM--
(sighs)
I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
YEAH.
IZZIE--
WHAT?
WHAT IS THERE TO SAY,
GEORGE?
I'M A BLONDIE.
I'M THE OTHER WOMAN.
I'M A BAD '50s CLICHé.
NO, NO, NO.
WE'RE NOT IN THIS TOGETHER.
WOW. GREAT.
WELL, THANK YOU
FOR LETTING ME KNOW.
HEY, NO, NO. NO.
YOU DON'T GET TO BE MAD HERE.
SERIOUSLY? WE SAID--
NO, NO, NO, NO.
THERE IS NO "WE."
IT'S JUST ME. I'M THE ONE
WHO HAS TO TELL CALLIE.
I'M THE ONE
WHO HAS TO DESTROY HER.
THIS IS NOT ABOUT YOU AND ME.
THIS IS ABOUT HER AND ME.
I'M ENDING A MARRIAGE
TO A WONDERFUL WOMAN.
ME. I'M THE ONE.
IT'S NOT YOU.
YOU...
IT'S NOT SOMETHING
YOU JUST BLURT OUT.
IT'S NOT.
I'LL DO IT.
I WILL DO IT.
YOU HAVE TO BACK OFF
AND LET ME DO IT.
I'M SORRY.
YOU TRADED... A HEMIGLOSSECTOMY
FOR THE PIT?
IT'S A LONG STORY.
A LONG STORY THAT ENDS
WITH YOU PAWNING OFF
LEXIE GREY ON ME?
I HAD HER DO AN INTUBATION
ON A DEAD GUY.
IT'S SOMETHING YOU USED TO
HAVE US DO ALL THE TIME.
I WAS TRYING TO TEACH HER.
WHATEVER SHE TOLD YOU...
SHE TOLD ME YOU HATE HER.
I DON'T--
AND THAT YOU HATED
HER MOTHER...
I DIDN'T SAY THAT.
HER MOTHER, WHO CAME TO YOU
WITH A CASE OF HICCUPS
AND DIED IN OUR HOSPITAL.
DO YOU SEE WHERE I'M GOING
WITH THIS?
SHE'S NOT MY INTERN.
NO, SHE'S YOUR SISTER,
AND YOU HAVEN'T HAD A KIND WORD
TO SAY TO HER
SINCE SHE GOT HERE.
AND YOU WERE
HER MOTHER'S DOCTOR.
NOW WHAT IS SHE SUPPOSED
TO THINK?
(pager beeps)
LOOK, WHETHER YOU LIKE IT
OR NOT,
YOUR JOB IS TO HELP THAT GIRL
BE A BETTER DOCTOR.
SO HELP HER.
YOU PAGED ME?
REALLY OLD GUY...
YEAH.
HE'S CHECKED OUT A.M.A.
HE'S LEAVING THE HOSPITAL.
WHAT? HE CAN'T LEAVE.
HE'S SICK.
HE CAN BARELY WALK,
AND I GOT HIM LOBSTER.
I GOT A 9-1-1.
WHAT HAPPENED?
HE COLLAPSED.
HE STARTED TALKING
THAT NONSENSE TALK AND--
(Alex) HIS PUPIL'S BLOWN.
HIS BRAIN'S STARTING
TO HERNIATE. PAGE SHEPHERD.
NORMAN, TAKE OVER THE BAG.
WE GOTTA GET HIM UP ON THE BED.
(Mrs. Chapman) WHAT'S HAPPENING?
COUNT OF THREE.
ONE, TWO, THREE.
WHAT'S HAPPENING TO MY SON?
SPINAL FLUID'S BACKING UP.
IT'S PUTTING PRESSURE
ON HIS BRAIN.
SHEPHERD'S NOT ANSWERING
HIS PAGE.
TRY IT AGAIN.
WHAT DO I DO?
UH, HYPERVENTILATION...
MANNITOL...
I DON'T KNOW EVERYTHING. GO.
GET SHEPHERD. GO.
***
DR. SHEPHERD.
I'M A LITTLE BUSY RIGHT NOW
MAKING MEDICAL HISTORY, KAREV.
HUNTER CHAPMAN'S BRAIN
IS HERNIATING.
HIS RIGHT PUPIL JUST BLEW.
OKAY, YOU NEED TO DO
EXACTLY WHAT I SAY,
OR THAT KID'S GONNA BE DEAD
IN THE NEXT TEN MINUTES.
CAN YOU DO THAT?
YES, SIR.
OKAY, GET THE BIGGEST NEEDLE
YOU CAN FIND.
***
DR. KAREV, WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHERE'S SHEPHERD?
DR. KAREV...
I-I THINK IT MIGHT HELP
MRS. CHAPMAN--
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
GET HER OUT OF HERE.
WELL, SHE IS THE BOY'S MOM.
GET HER OUT OF HERE, NORMAN.
GET HER OUT!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
MRS. CHAPMAN,
HE'S TRYING TO HELP.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
HOLD HIS HEAD.
SHEPHERD TOLD ME WHAT TO DO.
***
OKAY.
(sighs)
CHARLIE...
YOU CAN'T GO.
I KNOW THAT YOU THINK
YOUR LIFE IS OVER.
I KNOW YOU FEEL LIKE
YOU DON'T HAVE ANYBODY.
BUT YOUR LIFE'S NOT OVER
AND...
AND YOU HAVE ME.
YOU HAVE ME. I NEED YOU.
I NEED SOMEBODY TO TALK TO.
BECAUSE I THINK
YOU MAY HAVE BEEN RIGHT BEFORE.
I DON'T THINK GEORGE
IS GONNA LEAVE HIS WIFE.
AND I NEED YOU
TO TELL ME WHAT TO DO.
I-I NEED SOME...
YOU CAN'T GO, CHARLIE.
CHARLIE?
***
CRAP.
ALL THIS TIME,
HE WAS TELLING ME THE TRUTH.
ONCE WE GET THE SHUNT IN,
ANY EXCESS SPINAL FLUID
WILL DRAIN TO HIS ABDOMEN.
HE'S GONNA BE OKAY.
EXCUSE ME.
(clears throat)
I'M SORRY I UNLOADED
ON YOU, NORMAN.
YOU KNOW HOW IT IS?
HEAT OF THE MOMENT.
DON'T APOLOGIZE TO HIM.
WHAT?
OH, DR. BAILEY'S RIGHT. IT--
SHUT UP, NORMAN.
I'M NOT TALKING TO YOU.
HE GOT IN YOUR WAY.
HE'S BEEN DOING IT ALL DAY,
AND WHEN THAT HAPPENS--
WHEN AN INTERN GETS IN
THE WAY OF A RESIDENT--
YOU'RE NOT DOING WHAT'S BEST
FOR YOUR PATIENT.
NOW YOU ALMOST MISSED
DIAGNOSING THAT KID TODAY
BECAUSE NORMAN HERE
THOUGHT IT WAS DRUGS.
SO DON'T APOLOGIZE.
HE SHOULD BE YELLED AT.
DR. BAILEY... (lowers voice)
HE'S AS OLD AS THE HILLS.
I DON'T CARE HOW OLD
HE IS, DR. KAREV.
HE'S STILL AN INTERN,
AND INTERNS
ARE BASICALLY TEENAGERS.
WE ARE NOT HARD ON THEM
BECAUSE IT'S FUN.
WE'RE HARD ON THEM BECAUSE
THIS IS A LIFE-AND-DEATH JOB.
THEY NEED TO LEARN THAT.
THERE IS A REASON WHY WE HAVE
A PECKING ORDER IN A HOSPITAL.
IT SAVES LIVES.
I THINK THAT WOMAN'S
GONNA BE ABLE TO TALK
FOR THE REST OF HER LIFE
THANKS TO US.
I THINK I STILL GOT IT.
I THINK YOU DO, TOO.
NOW WE JUST GOTTA FIGURE OUT
WHAT YOU'RE GONNA TELL ADELE.
OH, MAN.
I FORGOT ABOUT THAT.
YEAH.
FIRST OFF, DON'T TELL HER
YOU WANT TO MOVE BACK IN.
NO?
REEKS OF DESPERATION.
IT'S A DEAL BREAKER.
TRUST ME.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I CAN'T TAKE THIS ANYMORE.
YOU GUYS
ARE KIDDING YOURSELVES.
YOU KNOW HOW CLOSE
YOU IDIOTS CAME
TO THAT WOMAN LOSING HER TONGUE,
TO HER NEVER SPEAKING AGAIN?
OH, YEAH, YOU WERE A COUPLE
OF COWBOYS IN THERE,
TELLING YOURSELVES
YOU CAN DO THIS,
ACTING LIKE THE BIG BOYS.
YOU HAD NO BUSINESS
DOING THAT SURGERY.
(chuckles) NO BUSINESS.
LUCKY I CAME IN WHEN I DID.
SHAME ON YOU.
AND SHAME ON YOU.
AS FOR ADELE,
TELL HER YOU CAN'T
IMAGINE YOUR LIFE WITHOUT HER.
TELL HER FOR THE LAST MONTH
YOU BEEN WALKING AROUND
THIS HOSPITAL AT NIGHT
JUST THINKING ABOUT HER.
TELL HER THE TRUTH.
I'M SORRY
I CALLED YOU AN IDIOT.
HEY.
SO I'VE BEEN THINKING
ABOUT HOW YOU'RE SAD,
AND WHAT I CAN DO
TO HELP.
OH, YOU HAVE ANOTHER SURGERY?
NO, THAT'S NOT WHAT YOU NEED.
WELL, IT KIND OF IS.
NO, WHAT YOU NEED IS ME
AND MY TIME.
SO I THOUGHT WE COULD
GO BACK TO MY HOUSE
AND GET INTO OUR PAJAMAS,
JUST SIT AND TALK
ABOUT THIS WHOLE BURKE THING
AND REALLY GET
TO THE ROOT OF YOUR FEELINGS.
JUST TALK ALL NIGHT LONG
IF WE HAVE TO.
TALK.
TALK... AND CRY.
CRY.
YOU KNOW.
YOU'RE DAMN RIGHT I KNOW,
SURGERY STEALER.
SO, PERSON-WHO-IS-
SLEEPING-WITH-DEREK?
HOW'D YOU KNOW THAT?
WHAT, YOU THINK I'M TOO FRAGILE
TO HANDLE YOUR SEX LIFE?
WELL, HE DID LEAVE YOU
AT THE ALTAR.
AND I'M YOUR PERSON.
HOW, BY--BY "PROTECTING ME"?
THAT'S NOW HOW TO BE
MY PERSON.
THAT'S NOT WHAT WE DO.
YOU KNOW THAT.
I'M DEALING. OKAY?
THE BEST I CAN.
SO IF YOU NEED
TO TAKE CARE OF SOMEONE,
YOU'RE GONNA NEED TO
TAKE CARE OF SOMEONE ELSE.
OKAY?
FINE.
BUT YOU OWE ME A SURGERY.
YEAH, WELL, YOU OWE ME
SEX DETAILS.
ARE WE DOING THIS
OR NOT?
WHAT ARE WE SUPPOSED TO SAY?
WE DIDN'T EVEN KNOW THE GUY.
WE ATE LUNCH IN HERE
FOR A YEAR.
THE LEAST WE CAN DO IS SAY
A FEW KIND WORDS ABOUT HIM.
(mouths word)
HE...
HE DIDN'T SNORE TOO LOUD...
LY.
HE, UM...
NEVER COMPLAINED.
AND HE ALWAYS TOOK
HIS MEDS.
HARDLY EVER FARTED.
(Meredith) ALEX.
FINE. UH, HE HAD
12 SURGERIES THIS YEAR,
AND HE--HE LIVED THROUGH THEM.
THAT'S--THAT'S IMPRESSIVE.
THANK YOU, ALEX.
CRISTINA?
UH, I GOT TO PRACTICE
STUFF ON HIM--
CENTRAL LINES AND I.V.s--
IT WAS GOOD PRACTICE.
UM...
CHARLIE, THE TRUTH IS...
YOU WERE A BASTARD.
YOU WERE. YOU WERE MEAN
AND STUBBORN AND JUST...
A BASTARD.
BUT YOU WERE A BASTARD
WHO KNEW WHAT YOU WANTED.
AND YOU STUCK TO YOUR GUNS
AND PROVED THAT IF YOU WANT
SOMETHING BADLY ENOUGH,
IF YOU'RE... DETERMINED ENOUGH
AND PATIENT ENOUGH,
EVENTUALLY IT WILL HAPPEN.
IT WILL.
AND THAT GIVES ME HOPE, SO...
THANKS FOR THAT.
***
BYE-BYE, CHARLIE.
THE TRUTH IS PAINFUL...
***
IT WENT REALLY WELL.
YOUR FRIENDS, UH...
I AM SO SORRY.
I HAVEN'T SEEN THEM.
***
HOW'D SHE DO?
GREAT. SHE DID GREAT.
SHE'S GONNA TALK AGAIN?
YEAH, THE CHANCES
ARE VERY GOOD.
IN THAT CASE, WE HAVE
A FEW THINGS WE'D LIKE TO SAY.
(clears throat)
YOUR FIRST HUSBAND,
HE PUT HIS HAND ON MY ASS
EVERY CHANCE HE GOT.
AND YOUR SECOND HUSBAND,
HE SPAT WHEN HE TALKED,
AND PLUS, HE WAS UGLY.
WE KNOW THAT YOU THOUGHT
HE WAS HANDSOME,
BUT THE MAN WAS A TROLL.
AND THAT GUY YOU DATED
LAST YEAR, COMB-OVER GUY...
COMB-OVER GUY.
OH, MY GOD...
DEEP DOWN,
NOBODY WANTS TO HEAR IT,
ESPECIALLY WHEN IT HITS
CLOSE TO HOME.
WHAT?
I HAVE YOUR MOTHER'S
DEATH NOTE HERE.
EVERYTHING THAT HAPPENED
ON THE DAY SHE DIED
IS IN HERE.
AND I KNOW
BECAUSE I WROTE IT.
SO I'D LIKE TO GO OVER IT
WITH YOU IF THAT'S OKAY.
YEAH.
OKAY, FIRST OF ALL,
LET ME JUST SAY
THAT EVERYTHING
THAT HAPPENED THAT DAY--
EVERY SETBACK--
THERE WAS A 1% CHANCE
OF EACH
OF THOSE THINGS HAPPENING.
1%.
AND YOUR MOTHER
WAS THE 1%, OKAY?
***
SHE CAME IN COMPLAINING
OF PERSISTENT HICCUPS.
WE DID
AN ENDOSCOPIC FUNDOPLICATION.
YOU DID IT ENDOSCOPICALLY?
SO IT WOULD BE
AN OUTPATIENT PROCEDURE.
WE WANTED TO AVOID
MAJOR SURGERY.
FOR WHAT IT'S WORTH,
I WAS VERY FOND
OF YOUR MOTHER.
SHE WAS...
I... I WAS VERY FOND
OF HER.
***
SHE GOT
BACTERIAL ENDOCARDITIS...
SOMETIMES WE TELL THE TRUTH...
BECAUSE THE TRUTH IS ALL
WE HAVE TO GIVE.
***
UH, I'VE BEEN HAVING TROUBLE
WITH THIS WHOLE PECKING ORDER
OF THINGS.
IT'S--
I'VE BEEN HAVING TROUBLE.
'CAUSE I'M USED TO BEING
NUMBER ONE.
BUT I'M NOT NUMBER ONE,
NOT ANYMORE.
SO... THE BEST THAT
I CAN COME UP WITH
IS TO BE NUMBER TWO--
THE BEST DAMN NUMBER TWO
THIS HOSPITAL HAS EVER SEEN--
BUT YOUR NUMBER TWO.
I WILL...
I WILL--
I WILL HELP YOU.
WE'LL BE LIKE A TEAM.
BECAUSE... (sighs)
LOOK, GIRL, YOU JUST SEEM
TO BE HAVING A HARD TIME.
(laughs)
AND, UH, I KNOW I'M HAVING
A HARD TIME,
BUT TOGETHER, WE COULD...
DO THIS.
I JUST THINK
WE COULD DO THIS TOGETHER.
***
SOMETIMES WE TELL THE TRUTH
BECAUSE...
WE NEED TO SAY IT OUT LOUD TO
REALLY HEAR IT FOR OURSELVES.
***
YOU GOT TO REATTACH
A WOMAN'S TONGUE.
OH, I WAS THERE. I DIDN'T
ACTUALLY DO ANY REATTACHING.
YEAH, BUT STILL,
YOU'RE THE INTERN
THEY WANTED ON THAT CASE.
HE'S A REPEATER.
(man) WHAT?
YOUR BIG HERO HERE,
HE WAS AN INTERN LAST YEAR.
THAT'S WHY HE, UH,
KNOWS SOME OF THIS STUFF.
HE'S ALREADY BEEN THROUGH IT.
BUT IF YOU WANT TO LEARN
FROM SOMEONE--
REALLY, REALLY LEARN--
GO TO A RESIDENT,
NOT THIS DUDE.
***
UH, HE'S RIGHT.
IF YOU WANT TO EMULATE SOMEONE,
IT'S DEFINITELY NOT ME.
I'M NOT THAT GUY.
(elevator bell dings)
AND SOMETIMES
WE TELL THE TRUTH...
BECAUSE WE JUST CAN'T
HELP OURSELVES.
WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU LOOKING AT?
***
INTERNS.
AND SOMETIMES...
WE TELL THEM...
BECAUSE WE OWE THEM
AT LEAST THAT MUCH.
JUST SAY IT.
I SLEPT WITH IZZIE.